Update Enhanced Memory Protections Doc (#203)
microsoft/mu: docs/WhatAndWhy/enhancedmemoryprotection.md

1: The UEFI 2.10 Memory Attribute Protocol must be produced.  
2: No address range can be simultaneously readable, writable, and executable.  

> 3: Unallocated memory must be marked EFI_MEMORY_RP or be unmapped.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3: Unallocated memory must be marked EFI_MEMORY_RP or not mapped.  
```

4: Address space which is not present in the Global Coherency Domain must cause a
CPU fault if accessed. This is a future requirement.
5: Calls to EFI_BOOT_SERVICES.AllocatePages and EFI_BOOT_SERVICES.AllocatePool
must return memory with the EFI_MEMORY_XP attribute.  

> 6: Page 0 in physical system memory must be marked EFI_MEMORY_RP or be unmapped.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6: Page 0 in physical system memory must be marked EFI_MEMORY_RP or not mapped.  
```
